Well that is what she said.
I can't believe we were in the same class this whole semester and we just met today.
Yeah. It's too bad.
Too bad.
Well, just because class is over, doesn't we still can't see each other, right?
Yeah. I can come by the bowling alley where you work.
Cool, totally hook it up.
Awesome, my boyfriend loves bowling.
I'm sorry, what'd you say?
My boyfriend loves bowling.
My boyfriend loves to bowl?
I'm sorry, what'd you say?
My boyfriend-
Nooooooooooooo
So, it's a little over-dramatic, but that's pretty much how I feel inside every single time.
Well, it was really nice meeting you.
Yeah, it was nice meeting you, too.
My ride's here.
And when I say every single time, it's because every girl I crush on has a boyfriend.
Oh, come on!
Every
All right.
Single
Hey Viviane, it's Frank.
Yeah, you gave me your number at the car wash today.
Oh yeah, hey...
You know, let me call you right back because my boyfriend-
*dial tone*
Hello?
What the hell?
Time
That's just my luck.
The universe just wants to dangle all this carrots in front of me.
It's cruel.
Take this girl, for example.
Her name is Carole.
She's come in here a few times over the last couple months.
Super nice,
super cute,
but I just know,
I just know
she probably has a boyfriend,
knowing my luck.
Although,
of all the time she's been here,
she hasn't shown any signs.
Hmm... full-frontal hug with hip contact.
Is that a boyfriend?
Nah.
Friends can hug like that.
Friends can sit on each others laps, right?
Yeah, totally.
I mean why this always happen?
It's not that complicated, Frank.
If you're interested in them, chances are, other guys are interested too.
You are not the only one with eyes in the-
Dude, but they're never single, okay.
They always have a boyfriend.
If they're never single, how do I even get a shot?
Right, like how did her current boyfriend get into that spot, if she's always been in a relationship?
Dude, if I could figure it that out-
Then you'd have infinite potential to get with any girl on the face of the universe.
Tanner,
what are you doing here?
Oh, the arcade is getting a little lonely,
and I overheard your little pity party.
I now know we're on a common mission.
Walk and talk!
I've been in your shoes, Frankie.
For the last fifteen years of my life
I've wondered the same thing.
Why every girl I liked has always had a boyfriend.
Now Jeff is right.
Good catches
are always gonna have multiple people going after them,
which means
they'll usually always be in a relationship.
Unless of course they're in that
"oh I just wanna be single right now" phases.
But sometimes
a beautiful thing happens.
They break up.
You are a terrible person.
Can you hold this for me?
What I mean is,
in the tragic case
she breaks up with her boyfriend,
you now have a chance to be there for her and take over.
And this is your window of opportunity to swoop in.
Now depending on how awesome this girl is, that window is gonna go real fast,
so you gotta get in there real quick!
So, when will I know when this window of opportunity opens up?
You need to stick around her.
Always be her friend,
and always keep up with her.
So you want me to voluntarily put myself in the friend zone?
What?
No, no.
I'm friends with like fifteen different girls, you know,
just to keep my place in line.
It's, it's not so bad.
Right, but you also haven't had a girlfriend in, like, ever.
Aha!
Here, take one of these.
What's this for?
That girl you like in there. You hold on to this, and then when you find out that she's been broken up with,
you come in and swoop in with this rose.
Swoop!
That is the worst advice ever!
Want a rose?
Get that disgusting thing off my coffee table!
You and Linda have been going out for a while. How did you do it?
Look, I feel for you, man.
When I first met Linda, she had a boyfriend, too.
He was hot.
And, I knew for a fact that there were at least three other guys going after her.
So many guys wanted to be with me.
So how did you do it?
I had an inside man.
Oh, God!
Look, it imperative that you have someone close to her that can directly or indirectly find information about their relationship.
Ooh, that's so evil!
But so necessary.
Look, man, you gotta know what you're working with.
What if this girl is happy in her relationship?
You don't want to be that dick that's trying to break up a happy couple.
And plus, when a girl is happy with her dude, any other guy that approaches her just comes off creepy.
Carole!
Definitely leave your boyfriend for me.
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely don't wanna be that guy.
But what if she's not happy?
What if her boyfriend is just a stupid douche-stinky boyfriend, right?
But you're never gonna know if she's happy or not unless you have someone on the inside.
And that way, I can avoid being friendzoned.
Exactly.
Wait, what if...
Hey! You're Carole's friend, Amy, right?
Yeah.
Okay so this is sort of awkward, but-
That guy at the bowling alley totally likes you.
What guy?
Don't just come right out and say it. Just be normal friends.
Right.
Thanks for having me over.
Yeah, I had fun.
Yeah, cool, so I gotta-
Whoa! What are you doing?
I thought you liked me.
What? No! We're just friends!
Carole!
I like Carole?
Can you both stop it?
Is this girl that special to you?
Yeah, I think so.
Think so!?
Is she worth waiting for in the unknown chance she becomes single, and
you have no idea when it can happen?
Maybe.
Is she worth causing a bunch of drama and hurting people if you say something?
Uhh...
If you're ready to either swallow your feelings or piss off a bunch of people,
then all this advice is actually valid.
You do want to stay friends, but not in a shady way.
And yes, it is good to have someone that knows the situation better on the inside,
but don't manipulate people.
Yeah, don't do that, Frank, come on.
It's not one simple strategy.
It's a bunch of variables that have to align.
So stop thinking you are the perfect match for every girl,
and that it's only because she has a boyfriend why you can't be together.
There is a reason why the window of opportunity is closing on you,
you just can't see it right now.
You're so hot!
Take a walk.
Outta here Frank.
Thank you!
Carole?
Hi!
Oh, hi!
Frank. I work at the bowling alley.
Frank. Thanks for the discount last time.
Oh, no problem. I haven't seen you guys there lately.
Oh. My boyfriend's gotten really into tennis lately, so we've been doing a lot of that, now.
Your boyfriend's really lucky.
Thanks. Maybe I'll see you at the bowling alley soon.
Yeah.
Better see some turkeys!
So lame.
What does rhyme with hug me?
Hey.
Hey. Was that Carole that just came out?
Yeah. I said hi to her inside.
Nice. What else you say?
Just that her boyfriend is really lucky.
What!
Seriously, after five minutes of all that advice, that's what you say?
You compliment her boyfriend?
Well, I was complimenting her, too.
It doesn't matter. Look, you're doing the exact opposite of what you need to be doing.
I'm not really trying to do anything.
Okay, now I'm confused.
Look. I think I just need to relax a bit.
I don't want to be one of those guys who's always angry about girls.
All right, well, what happens when the next girl you like also has a boyfriend?
I don't know. It'll depend on the situation then.
But for now, Carole seems happy.
And when the timing is right, I'll find that with someone, too.
All right, fair enough. At least you'll stop whining.
Friends can share drinks.
Excuse me. Do you know if it's okay to park here?
Um...
Oh, my gosh!
Carole!
Yeah!
What are you doing here?
Just shopping, running some errands.
Are you still at the bowling alley?
No. I left my bowling days behind.
Yeah, me too.
Oh, your boyfriend never got back into it?
Well, we're not together any more.
Oh, sorry.
Totally okay.
So, what are you doing now?
Applying to grad school. And me and my girlfriend are gonna go to a bookstore, get some studying done.
Oh, that's great.
Well, I don't want to make you late.
And yeah, I think you're good 'til three.
Thanks.
You know, sometimes, it just seems like you're missing out on all these different people.
But in reality, you're just being saved for the right person
who's even better.
They didn't have the tira misu, so I got the red velvet.
Oh, thanks.
Ready to go?
Yeah.
Man, I knew she had a boyfriend!
Why does this happen every single time?
Why does this always happen?
Sorry. Can you try? Sorry, don't jump. Like just try making more
Right. Like how did her current boyfriend get into that spot. What?
God!
Unless you uh
You're not Carole!
Are you?
Oh my gosh!
Carole!
That loser from the bowling alley!
What are you doing? What are you up to?
What does it look like I'm doing?
You can't read, and you don't have any deductive reasoning skills?
It's my first time here.
You've gotten really mean
over the last two years. I didn't remember you like. You were really sweet.
You never knew me.
That's true. Touche.
What!
Friends can share drinks, too.
I'll do it again.
My God!
Who are you talking to?
Huh? No, nothing. Let's go. Let's get outta here.